Tracking Plan Ids (#5059)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/faq.md

Unplanned property omission is only supported for cloud-mode destinations. Unplanned properties will not be omitted when they're sent to device-mode destinations.

> ### Why do I have to different Tracking Plan IDs?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why do I have two different Tracking Plan IDs?
```

When you access a Tracking Plan, you'll come across two IDs: `tp_` and `rs_`.

If you are using Public API, copy the ID that starts with "tp". 

If you are using Config API, copy the ID that starts with "rs". 

> *Please be aware that the way you access your Tracking Plan determines the slug that is present in the URL.*

Reviewer: @jfoskin - when you say "slug", are you referring to the prefix (`tp_` or `rs_`) of your tracking plan ID?

Unplanned property omission is only supported for cloud-mode destinations. Unplanned properties will not be omitted when they're sent to device-mode destinations.

### Why do I have to different Tracking Plan Ids?

When you access a Tracking Plan, you'll come across two IDs: tp_ and rs_:

If you are using Public API, copy the ID that starts with "tp". 

If you are using Config API, copy the ID that starts with "rs". 

> *Please be aware that depending on how you access your tracking plan will depend on the slug that is presented in the URL.*

Reviewer: What does the difference look like? If you access it in the app it has one URL, and if you access it using the API it has a different URL?

Unplanned property omission is only supported for cloud-mode destinations. Unplanned properties will not be omitted when they're sent to device-mode destinations.

### Why do I have two different Tracking Plan IDs?

> When you access a Tracking Plan, you'll come across two IDs: `tp_` and `rs_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you access a Tracking Plan, you'll come across two IDs: `tp_` and `rs_`. Segment uses the two IDs to identify your Tracking Plan in the two APIs you can use to manage your workspace: the [Public API](/docs/api/public-api/) and the [Config API](/docs/api/config-api/). 

To view the two IDs for your Tracking Plan, navigate to the Tracking Plan you'd like to view the ID for and select the dropdown next to **Tracking Plan ID**. 
```

> If you are using Public API, copy the ID that starts with "tp". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Public API, you'll need the ID that starts with `tp_`. 
```

> If you are using Config API, copy the ID that starts with "rs". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Config API, you'll need the ID that starts with `rs`. 
```

> *Please be aware that the way you access your Tracking Plan determines the slug that is present in the URL.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
